So I Moved To Ann Arbor…
Published on September 10, 2007.
Just to get that out of the way… Also, I’ve just started getting back into my usual routine.
Which consists of napping, waking up groggy, reading blogs, and even writing in my personal blog!
Notes since the last post:
Meijer is pronounced “ Meyer ” and not “ Major .”
Kroger is like identical to Smiths
Dreyer’s ice cream is called Edy’s for some strange reason.
Moving into an apartment from scratch requires buying a LOT OF SHIT!
My new microwave is really high maintenance.
Which is to say that it gets mad when I forget there’s hot food in it.
The Michigan Football team sucks.
Is this bizarro Ann Arbor!?
I have to do laundry with coins now.
So getting a quarter is about as ceremonious (and awesome) as getting a Shine in Mario .
More later, unless I forget the password to this blog.